# Shell extensions
org.gnome.shell enabled-extensions ['removeaccesibility@lomegor', 'user-theme@gnome-shell-extensions.gcampax.github.com']

# Keyboard settings
org.gnome.libgnomekbd.keyboard options ['Compose key\tcompose:rwin']

# Calculator settings
org.gnome.gcalctool button-mode 'programming'
org.gnome.gcalctool show-thousands true
org.gnome.calculator button-mode 'programming'
org.gnome.calculator show-thousands true

# Theme
org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences theme 'Ambiance'
org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences titlebar-font 'Ubuntu Bold 11'
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-theme 'Ambiance'
org.gnome.desktop.interface cursor-theme 'DMZ-White'
org.gnome.desktop.interface icon-theme 'ubuntu-mono-dark'

# Interaction
org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences resize-with-right-button true

# gEdit settings
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor auto-indent false
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor auto-save false
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor auto-save-interval uint32 10
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor bracket-matching true
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor create-backup-copy false
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor display-line-numbers true
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor display-right-margin true
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor editor-font 'Monospace 12'
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor ensure-trailing-newline true
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor highlight-current-line true
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor insert-spaces false
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor max-undo-actions 2000
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor restore-cursor-position true
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor right-margin-position uint32 80
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor scheme 'classic'
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor search-highlighting true
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor smart-home-end 'after'
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor syntax-highlighting true
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor tabs-size uint32 4
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor undo-actions-limit 25
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor use-default-font true
org.gnome.gedit.preferences.editor wrap-mode 'word'
